Document dbt Copilot credits relationship (#269)
dbt-labs/dbt-mcp: README.md

* `get_model_children` - Gets children models of a specific model

### SQL

> ⚠️ The SQL tools are implemented remotely. They don't expend dbt Copilot credits but are impacted by dbt Copilot credit overages.

Reviewer: Oh I see - I saw that issue pop up in the community slack channel. I find blunt language is good especially non-native English speakers

```suggestion
⚠️ The SQL tools are implemented remotely. While MCP usage of the tools do not consume dbt Copilot credits, access to the tools will be impacted by dbt Copilot credit overages from direct usage of Copilot in dbt Platform. 
```
